README.md, before:

# Quest port of https://github.com/ToniMacaroni/TrickSaber.
# Updated for Beat Saber 1.13.0

Follows https://tonimacaroni.github.io/TrickSaber-Docs/Configuration (config at /sdcard/Android/data/com.beatgames.beatsaber/files/mod_cfgs/TrickSaber.json) with a few differences:
1. Her "EnableCuttingDuringTrick" is my "EnableTrickCutting"
2. Her "IsSpeedVelocityDependent" is my "IsSpinVelocityDependent"

Added options:
1. "regenerateConfig": when set to true, the config file will be completely rewritten to have all default values on next config load.
2. "ButtonOneAction": action triggered by A or X.
3. "ButtonTwoAction": action triggered by B or Y.

To change your config, simply drag your editted TrickSaber.json into the BMBF upload box (as you did for the mod zip itself).

Also, there is no UI, pending https://github.com/zoller27osu/Quest-BSML.

Changed drastically from the original Quest port by Rugtveit, so please do not bother him.

# Credits:
Ported to Beat Saber 1.13.0 by Fernthedev. Many thanks to the original authors of the Quest port for doing most of the work, and the Discord community for giving lots of support, no fuss. 

This is my first Beat Saber Mod (and successful C++ project) so many bugs and ugly code may be within the project.

Commit message:

Improve documentation and show new config name.

README.md, after:

# Quest port of https://github.com/ToniMacaroni/TrickSaber.
# Updated for Beat Saber 1.13.2

Follows https://tonimacaroni.github.io/TrickSaber-Docs/Configuration (config at /sdcard/Android/data/com.beatgames.beatsaber/files/mod_cfgs/TrickSaber.json) with a few differences:
1. Her "EnableCuttingDuringTrick" is my "EnableTrickCutting"
2. Her "IsSpeedVelocityDependent" is my "IsSpinVelocityDependent"

Added options:
1. "ButtonOneAction": action triggered by A or X.
2. "ButtonTwoAction": action triggered by B or Y.

To change your config, simply drag your edited TrickSaber.json into the BMBF upload box (as you did for the mod zip itself).
Or use the QuestUI interface

~~Also, there is no UI, pending https://github.com/zoller27osu/Quest-BSML.~~ Added QuestUI support. 

Changed drastically from the original Quest port by Rugtveit, so please do not bother him.

# Credits:
Ported to Beat Saber 1.13.0 by Fernthedev. Many thanks to the original authors of the Quest port for doing most of the work, and the Discord community for giving lots of support, no fuss. 

This is my first Beat Saber Mod (and successful C++ project) so many bugs and ugly code may be within the project.

Many thanks to:
- RedBrumbler for helping me out with the trails (and dealing with my annoying questions)
- darknight1050 for QuestUI and config-utils documentation
- Everyone else who tested the mod and helped me out :)
